Task 0: This script prints out the absolute pathname of the current working directory. Task 1: This script diisplays the contents list of your current directory. Task 2: This script changes the working directory to the user’s home directory. Task 3: This script displays current directory contents in a long format. Task 4: This script display current directory contents, including hidden files (starting with .). Using the long format. Task5: This script displays the current directory's contents. Task 6: This script creates a directory named my_first_directory in the /tmp/ directory. Task 7: This script moves the file betty from /tmp/ to /tmp/my_first_directory. Task 8: This script deletes the file betty. Task 9: This script deletes the directory my_first_directory that is in the /tmp directory. Task 10: This script changes the working directory to the previous one. Task 11: This script lists all files (even ones with names beginning with a period character, which are normally hidden) in the current directory and the parent of the working directory and the /boot directory (in this order), in long format. Task 12: This script  prints the type of the file named iamafile. The file iamafile will be in the /tmp directory when we will run your script. Task 13: This script creates a symbolic link to /bin/ls, named __ls__ in the current working directory. Task 14: This script copies all the HTML files from the current working directory to the parent of the working directory, but only copy files that did not exist in the parent of the working directory or were newer than the versions in the parent of the working directory.
